ggml-cpu: cmake: append xsmtvdotii march for SpacemiT IME (#22317)
ggml-org/llama.cpp: ggml/src/ggml-cpu/CMakeLists.txt

            if (GGML_RV_ZIHINTPAUSE)
                string(APPEND MARCH_STR "_zihintpause")
            endif()
            if (GGML_CPU_RISCV64_SPACEMIT)
                # vmadot family lives behind the SpacemiT xsmtvdotii custom
                # extension. Without this flag GAS rejects the inline asm in
                # ime1_kernels.cpp with "extension `xsmtvdotii' required".
                # GCC support for the extension was added in version 15;
                # earlier toolchains do not understand the march suffix,
                # so fail fast with a clear message instead of cryptic
                # assembler errors later.
                if (CMAKE_C_COMPILER_ID STREQUAL "GNU" AND
                    CMAKE_C_COMPILER_VERSION VERSION_LESS 15)

>                     message(FATAL_ERROR
>                         "GGML_CPU_RISCV64_SPACEMIT requires GCC >= 15 for "
>                         "the xsmtvdotii extension; current GCC "
>                         "${CMAKE_C_COMPILER_VERSION} does not support it.")
>                 endif()
>                 string(APPEND MARCH_STR "_xsmtvdotii")
>             endif()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            if (GGML_CPU_RISCV64_SPACEMIT)
                # `xsmtvdotii' is only required for GCC >= 15.
                if (CMAKE_C_COMPILER_ID STREQUAL "GNU" AND
                    CMAKE_C_COMPILER_VERSION VERSION_GREATER_EQUAL 15)
                    string(APPEND MARCH_STR "_xsmtvdotii")
                endif()
            endif()
```
